A case or in this video we're going to look at how we can delete all data from a table.
So here we created the test table again with the ID name and age column.
I've inserted some data I've been searching three rows so you can see here we have Ben Simon and Claire
and their ages.
So we just have three rows of data in our test table and now we're going to delete these free rows.
So to delete all rows of data from a table we need to type truncate table followed by the table name.
So in this case is test and that's run now and then select staw from test.
And you can see the returns the table.
So we haven't deleted the table from that database but we have none of the data in the table so I deleted
those 3 rows of data that we had.
And basically what the truncate table statement is doing is dropping the table from the database or
deleting the test table from the example database and then creating a table again.
So it's running a drop table test and then it's running a create table test with the free columns and
the data types and the primary key but there's no inserting the data back in.
So that's how we delete all the data from a table using truncate table statement.